Tests to be tested in making a sandwich:



Verify if the bread is fresh and soft before , while making the sandwich.
Verify if the vegetables are washed and cleaned.
Verify if all the required ingredients are available.
Verify if the vegetables are sliced properly suitably to eat.
Verify if the sauces are fresh and check the expiry date for all.
Verify if the bread is properly grilled.
Verify the taste of the sandwich is good, eatable tastily.


Every test will have the following :

Test Case ID
Test Scenario
Test Name 
Test Description
Pre Condition
Test Data
Test Steps
Expected Result for each step.
Actual Result
Test Result
Tester


A Bug report for the test will have the following:

Defect ID
Defect Name
Defect Description
Test Data to reproduce the defect
Severity
Priority
Environment
Module of application.
Attachment 
Assignee
Status of Defect


Example : The bread of Sandwich is stale and spoiled with fungi.

Defect ID: DEFE_001

Defect Name: Bread of the sandwich is stale and spoiled with fungus.

Defect Description: There are grey spots on the sandwich filled with bacteria on fungus on the bread which spoiled.

Test Data: Whole Loaf of bread.

Severity: High (As its functionally not be eatable)

Priority: High (As the requirement is also not met)

Environment: (It ll be usually according to project like prod or staging or pre prod)

Module: Sandwich Preparation.

Attachment: A screenshot of image of the spoiled bread to be attached.

Assignee: The developer should be assigned here.

Status of the defect:  OPEN (Can be new or open or closed or deferred or more)



ASSESMENT 2:

Boundary value analysis Test Cases:Test Cases:

1. Verify the output with quantity is 0.

2. Verify the output if the entered quantity is -1

3. Verify the output if the entered quantity is 1

4. Verify the output if the entered quantity is 24

5. Verify the output if the entered quantity is exact 25.

6. Verify the output if the entered quantity is 26.

7. Verify the output if the entered quantity is 100 (any bigger value adhoc test)



Example test case:

Test Case ID : TC_001

Test Scenario : To test the business category output when input is 1

Test Name: Verify the business category when the input is 1.

Test Description: To test the business category output for a give particular input

Pre Condition: The code snippet or program should be ready.

Test Data: Values to be entered while testing the code snippet - 0, -1, 1 , 24, 25, 26

Test Steps: 
    Open the code snippet.
    Enter the parameter input value for the fucntion.
    Verify the business category output.
    
Expected Result : Business category output is "STANDARD"

Actual Result: Business category output should be "STANDARD"

Test Result: PASS

Tester: Satyasree  Annapragada
